Pass over the release candidate version of the spec (#72)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-ap-tee: specification/swlifecycle.adoc

|===
| *Memory Type* | *Confidential or Non-confidential (enforced via MTT)*
| Page-Type   | Reserved - page that may not be assigned to any TEE entity
If the Memory Type is Confidential, the following page types may be used:
* Unassigned - page not assigned to any TEE (TSM or TVM)

> * TVM - page assigned to a TVM (mapped via HGAT).

Reviewer: should be G-stage page table - fixed.

> * TVM - page assigned to a TVM (mapped via HGAT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TVM - page assigned to a TVM (mapped via G-stage page table).
```
